dnsdist: Clarify that we will fall back to `dnsdist.conf` (#17689)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/dnsdistdist/docs/running.rst

dnsdist is meant to run as a daemon.
As such, distribution native packages know how to stop/start themselves using operating system services.

It is configured with a configuration file called ``dnsdist.yml``. If that file does not exist, :program:`dnsdist` will attempt to fall back to a ``dnsdist.conf`` file, expecting a configuration in ``Lua`` instead of ``YAML``.

> The default path to this file is determined by the ``SYSCONFDIR`` variable during compilation.

Reviewer: Plural needed now.
```suggestion
The default path to these files is determined by the ``SYSCONFDIR`` variable during compilation.
```
